As i do not know much about CD/CI, my text can be pretty far away from true. Since application is big enough. (6 people working on), i would probably get my own server and setup it. This idea feels better and easier since i already have my own server, and i have seen how my boss manages his applications on his multiple servers. For linting i would use ESlint and Prettier. Our team would have shared configs, so prettier would format code on every save of document and eslint should be ran (via npm tun lint), before each commit to check that there is not something in code that Prettier can not check (as unused variables for example). I guess there is already libraries with test for many different situations, but because i am not sure about that and I want to ensure that everything works flawlessly, before each commit develooper must run every test for frontend, backend and all together (playwright) and also implement new tests for added feature in his commit. Then he would build production and test it as well? not too familiar with this process but lets keep it as i said. After he ensures that every test is passed, he can finnaly commit. There is many alternatives to set up the CI, for example GitLab and CircleCI which are open source and can be self hosted. CircleCi also has cloud based alternative as far as I know. So like I already told in the beginning, I would probably self host this project and for that I am not quite sure what to use. Either Jenkins, as it is most popular, or CircleCI, as it has both cloud based and self hosted variants, so I think it would be easier to change from self hostead to cloud-based if needed. Or not :). Hard to decide since both are open source anyway. If transfer from self hosted to cloud based is hard anyway, even with using CircleCI, I would definetly go with Jetkins.